Adding onboarding docs and configuring live preview (#5333)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipdnn/docs/reference/hipblaslt.rst

.. meta::
  :description: 
  :keywords: hipDNN, ROCm, API, 

.. _hipblaslt:

************************************
hipBLASLt provider operation support
************************************

The hipBLASLt provider plugin provides integration with AMD's `hipBLASLt library <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/hipBLASLt/en/latest/index.html>`_ that provides optimized GEMM operations.

Operation support
=================

> The hipBLASLt Provider plugin supports stand-alone Matmul (GEMM, general matrix multiplication) operations with these features and constraints:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hipBLASLt provider plugin supports standalone Matmul (GEMM, general matrix multiplication) operations with these features and constraints:
```

> - Input and output data types: **FP32**: Single-precision floating point (32-bit), **FP16**: Half-precision floating point (16-bit), and **BFP16**: Brain floating point (16-bit).

Reviewer: This might look clearer with the types as a nested list.

- Compute data type: FP32.
- Transposed inputs: Supported.

> - Batched matmuls: Only equal batch sizes are supported, or broadcasting when one input has a single batch (batch=1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Batched matmuls: Only equal batch sizes are supported, along with broadcasting when one input has a single batch (batch=1).
```
